{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21840\viewh20260\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 Generic Pin Strategy w/Arduino Mega:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Pin usage on Arduino Ethernet:
\b0 \
D0\
D1\
D2(int)	EncSW2/2	\
D3(int)	EncSW1/2	\
D4					\
D5		EncSW1/1	\
D6		EncSW1/Push	\
D7		DisplayData\
D8		EncSW2/1\
D9		EncSW2/Push\
\
A0		Slider/Tbar				\
A1		Config (with solder jumper, backwards compat.. Also connected to D37)\
A2		Analog Daisy A1			\
A3		Analog Daisy A2			\
A4		Analog Daisy B1\
A5		Analog Daisy B2\
\
\
\

\b Extended Pin usage on Arduino Mega
\b0 \
D19-14: Serial 1-3 (plus interrupts) => Headers, fit for flatcable connection to external boards.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 (D20-21:	(Reserved, TWI))\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 D22:		LED/green\
D23:		LED/red\
D24:		Touch Power Control (output)\
D25-32	EXT BO8 pins\
D33:		GPIO1-1\
D34:		GPIO1-2\
D35:		Joy1 press\
D36:		Joy2 press\
D37:		Config, active low (pull-up res.)
\i \

\i0 D38:		GPIO2-1\
D39:		GPIO2-2\
D40:		GPIO3-1\
D41:		GPIO3-2\
D42-43:	(Free)\
(D44-46:	(Free, Has PWM))\
D48:		SDI/Clock	(SCLK)\
D49:		SDI/Data out (MOSI)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 (D50-53: 	(Reserved, SDI))\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
A6		Touch		Analog Daisy C1				(alt. connector)\
A7		Touch		Analog Daisy C2				(alt. connector)\
A8		Touch		Analog Daisy D1				(alt. connector)\
A9		Touch		Analog Daisy D2				(alt. connector)\
A10		Touch Power Control (input -> goes to pin 7 on touchscreen button panel...)\
A11\
A12		Joy1/A // Analog Daisy D1\
A13		Joy1/B // Analog Daisy D2\
A14		Joy2/A // Analog Daisy C1\
A15		Joy2/B // Analog Daisy C2\
\
\
\
------------\
This allows plugin of:\
- 1 ENCODER\
- 1 TBAR/SLIDER\
- 1 DISPLAY\
- Config switch\
- Status LED\
- 3 serial connections (RS422/RS232)\
- 8 (EXT) digital pins.\
- 2 GPI inputs\
- 2 Joysticks and 3(x2) analog pots (A-C) _OR_ 1 Joystick and 4(x2) analog pots\
- Touchscreen with power control\
- SmartSwitches (SDI)\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 BoM:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Standard mounted:
\b0 \
CONF	Momentary switch\
CONFA	\
RESET	Momentary switch\
RESETA\
R5+R6	1K5\
R9		10K\
ENCODER	M04x2\
SERIAL1\
SERIAL2\
\
\

\b Optionally mounted: (Various connectors)
\b0 \
ANLGDAISY-ALT	M04x2\
ANLGDAISY-MAIN	M04x2\
UART1-3	M05x2\
JOYSTICKS	M04x2\
TOUCH		M05x2\
EXT1		M05x2\
GPIO1-3		M04x2\
\
LEDBICOLOR\
R7,R8	270R\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Mounting guide:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 - Mount as many as the shield components as you like now - except the sidelooking pushbuttons and headerposts connecting to the arduino (the latter are not mounted at all since this is the pins from the Ethernet shield). In particular: It's easier to mount all the topside header posts needed now than later when the shield is soldered to the ethernet shield.\
- Take off the Ethernet shield MAC address label and place on the jack!\
- (Test the Ethernet shield, when it's mounted to the breakout shield they will be inseparable.)\
- Mount housing brackets with M3x5 screws on PCB\
- Place sidelooking pushbuttons in holes and mount PCB on dummy-front, spaced with nylon spacers.\
- Solder the pushbuttons (make sure they sit nicely in the holes.\
- Mount the 3 15mm plastic distance bolts on the Ard. Mega using black screws and two fiber spacers between screw-PCB and PCB-dist.bolt\
- Place the header posts on the back of the arduino. You may choose not to put pins in 42-47 and 50-53. \
- Put isolation tape over the 3.3V thermal area of the ethernet shield (not necessary when using plastic distance bolts\
- Mount the ethernet shield with the breakout board sandwiched. Mount it on the dummy front, align the jacks in the holes. The spacing between Ard. Mega and ethernet shield will be 15.5mm all around, except close to the ethernet jack where there is no spacer. Pay attention to this point that the ethernet shield is not pressed too far down into the Ard. Mega.\
- When things are nice (spacing and no pins between breakout shield and ethernet shield touching), solder the ethernet shield to the breakout shield, then solder all pins on the back of the arduino.\
- Unmount the dummy front and take the Ethernet/BO shield apart from the Arduino Mega. This may be a tricky and lengthy proces where you should be cautious not to stress the boards. We like to use a flat screwdriver to twist them apart slowly and repeatedly at different points around the board, in particular on the back connectors with many double pins!\
- Finish soldering the ethernet shield pins to the breakout shield\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Change log (Implemented):
\b0\fs24 \
First version: v22-04-13\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 v13-05-13
\b0 \
	- Moved analog daisy alt. header a bit, corrected pin-1 markers on these\
	- Change config from pull-up to pull-down(!!!)\
	- Larger holes for afstandsstag (larger now?)\
	- Moved LED closer to edge\
	- Removed GPI and GPO circuit - this is not on a PCB mounted on jacks!\
	- Moved mounting holes 1 mm closer to edge.\
}